Add metric template for new PRs (#1913)
tensorflow/addons: tensorflow_addons/metrics/README.md

 * Inherit from `tf.keras.metrics.Metric`.
 * Register as a keras global object so it can be serialized properly: `@tf.keras.utils.register_keras_serializable(package='Addons')`

> #### Sample Template
> 
> Any PR submitted for adding a new metric to the TF-addons ecosystem must ensure that it covers all the major points listed here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Metric Requirements

Any PR which adds a new metric must ensure that the following three cases are well tested and supported:
```
